my life I thank God for these moments
this is real stuff folks what you bout
to hear is Carla just happened to record
her daughter singing in the bathtub
she's five very small cute little girl
she sings Alicia Keys girl on fire then
she goes right into Beyonce's put a ring
on it now you'll notice there's a little
uncertainty about the word but she sang
it with all she got but vid she shifts
gears to Taylor Swift's never ever
getting that elbow getting back together
and I mean she means I want you to
listen to the Run closely in the girl on
fire because she did that girl is on
fire and then she really sold it up
there's a run on her next one that's so
listen to it ladies and gentlemen
first time making this world premiere on
The Steve Harvey Morning Show while we
all have children for moments like this
ladies and gentlemen I present to some
and introduce to others little Tasha
yeah
you know
again tonight in the tub don't you toss
in a love Justin Bieber